gitaction runner script enhancements (#1519)
GoogleCloudPlatform/DataflowTemplates: contributor-docs/maintainers-guide.md

6) Approve the change internally. At this point, the change will get automatically merged internally and externally.

We are actively working to deprecate this process and use GitHub as the only source of truth.
If you encounter unresolvable issues with this flow, please reach out to the Dataflow team directly.

> ## Gitactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Actions
```

Author: done.

> There are several workflows that leverage gitactions to keep the repo healthy. Of these workflows, there are currently 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several workflows that leverage GitHub Actions to keep the repo healthy. Of these workflows, there are currently 2
```

Author: done.
